hi everyone this is Regina and I just
wanted to go over the album that I made
for root and this album was made for the
crab craving chicas um mini album swap
and our Ruth was my partner and you can
check out her blog at WWF chick Ruth
blogspot com so this is the cover and it
says captured memories down here and
it's embossed in block and the stamp
that I used is a close to my heart um
stamp set and there are a couple charms
hanging here there's a little key and a
photo frame and it says insert photo
here so you can put a make sure they're
so here is the first page and there's a
photo mat and I just stress this flower
in the button and the paper for this
album is um the ambrosia collection from
basic gray on this page i embossed a
lantern and put that there and then I
have a journaling spot here and there's
a key and a little tim holtz safety pin
that says memories
okay here's the next page this one I
left kind of simple I put down another
photo mat and I felt flower and a some
bling on this one another photo mat and
just a border running down the page on
this page I left um a journaling spot
and I'm going to include some paper and
some embellishments so that you can put
step here like memorabilia maybe you
went to the movies and you want to put
tickets or something and then you can
embellish on top of it so I just left
this space clear so that you can kind of
put stuff in there and this is on
dimensional stickers so it's raised
here's another photo mat I just got this
um stamp set from inky dinky doo and
Catherine uses it a lot in I had to get
it and try it out and I just loved it so
this is the damask and stamp and I
embossed that on there
this page I put some acetate this is
from pretty much pre-printed already on
the acetate and so I cut it in half and
because um it was a six-by-six sheet and
I headed down to a a six by three so
that I could use half of it on both
pages and then I embossed on the tags
and both set of tags have the same stamp
but they're just on opposite sides so on
this side around this tag i embossed on
the left side and on this one on the
right and then on this one I embossed
with the flourishes on one side and then
i turnt the stamp upside down so that it
would have boss on the other side oh and
i took the lines I check the lines out
of this one
for this page and I added a border on
the side and a paper clip and this pulls
out and you can open it up and can do
some journaling on there and then for
this one I am put some uh felt flowers
and then some bling and then you open it
up and I embossed another Lantern right
here or chandelier I'm sorry it's the
chandelier stamp set from inky dinky doo
and then you can put on some more
pictures
and this one also that very first this
one is also from the chandelier a stamp
set so that is this and that was the
back so that is your mini Ruth I hope
you like it and it will be going postal
tomorrow so I'm i will have a delivery
confirmation number for you and and so
that you can track it I hope you like it
and leave a comment thanks for watching
bye